So let's take a look at the model evaluation.
OK.
So now within the model.
And we wanted to test that modeling reality.
So we're going to explore the models to data that model hasn't seen before doing the training.
And that's the key essence in testing any machine learning or deep learning model.
So let's take a look at our model here.
So let's assume again let's go back to our two classes we didn't have the classes.
Here we have the red classes and we have kind of two features on the x axis and y axis and we separated
that these two classes using what we call the maximum margin hyperplane.
OK which is the line which is this appalling Dr. machine learning technique has been able to separate
these two classes.
So the point is.
OK so now we changed our model.
Now the model is good looks perfect.
Now we want to test it.
OK.
A key element that we do not use data that we have used during training to test our model.
We don't simply do this.
Why.
Because in general these models are kind of trained.
They have been trained to to use specific datasets.
We generally don't use the training data to test our model.
We actually use another data sets we'll call it testing data to test our model and see if it can classify
as our data set into again malignant ORBIN I guess.
So that's where we use actual testing data which is kind of data that the model hasn't seen before during
training.
And let's test our model to see if it can actually generalize or classify as or model or not.
OK.
So that's how we evaluate our model.
So one of the key features or out of the or one of the key objectives are our machine learning techniques
that we want these models to generalize the data which mean what we mean by modern generalization is
that we want the machine learning strategy to not train or to not train our model specifically for this
training data set.
We want the model to be general to basically look at most of the images moving forward of let's say
cancer data or images and tell us if it's malignant or benign even if the images hasn't been seen before
during training.
OK.
And that's basically what how can we effectively use machine anti-theists techniques or strategies in
real life.
All right.
So this model actually if if our support machine was able to classify or maybe put the hyperplane in
here that can tell us OK this model is kind of generalized model.
OK.
However we can as well draw a boundary OK in a way that simply or is specifically designed to fit our
training data set.
OK.
And in this case what we call the model is a overfitting model which means that the model has learned
all the characteristics out of only the training data.
OK so if we expose the model again to some testing data.
Actually this model might be why were better.
The generalized model will be working better.
Okay.
And that's one of the key elements when we choose our model that we want to model to be as general as
possible.
OK.
So it could classify as again future images that hasn't been seen during training moving forward.
All right.
So how can we evaluate our models.
So we simply use what we call the confusion matrix.
We're going to use to see how can we implemented using Python.
So what we're going to do is we simply wanted to kind of look at one matrix that tell us OK this is
the results of our testing or or training.
OK.
So what we do is that we draw that matrix where here the rows show the predictions and all the columns
all the true classes.
OK.
So this is kind of the output of the model output of the or the guess of the model.
The columns can tell us a true class which is kind of the true prediction or are the true value of our
target class.
Okay.
OK.
So if the prediction for example our model or our model tellt told us okay this cancer is malignant
for example.
Right.
And the two class told us as well it's malignant that we we're good.
That means it's true.
We're going to put kind of a summary here of all the number of samples that the predictions had matched
the toward the top of the class.
OK.
All right.
What if for instance the predictions for example said the the that the patient as is negative for instance
and the true class was negative which means that the patient is good.
You know he doesn't have cancer.
That means if the prediction said that he doesn't have cancer and the true class that he actually the
patient didn't have cancer then what good are they going to put all the total numbers of classes here
that has been classified correctly.
OK.
So simply with some the number of elements in here now with the elements in here that will tell us the
overall number of truly classified samples in a very simple form.
However if for instance our prediction told us that the patient has cancer for example which is kind
of positive.
However our true class was negative.
OK.
That means that this false prediction that mean something went wrong.
However it's not that severe.
I'm going to show you that later.
I can show you after I started covering this this element but again this this kind of misclassified
class which means the prediction was off compared to our class.
All right.
So the next element is OK what if for instance our machine learning model predicts that our predictions
were negative and the class was positive.
OK.
That means again misclassified or false classified.
And that means that the number of elements in here and the number of elements in here that will tell
us the overall number of misclassified samples.
All right.
OK.
Now to a very important point.
So we have what we call a type 1 error and type 2 error type 1 error indicates that the prediction was
tell us that the patient has a disease.
However for the class he actually didn't which is again of course it's it's still an error.
But again we call a type 1 error why because the patient is still fine he's still OK.
We said he might have something but he didn't.
However for type 2 error that's a big problem and we wanted to avoid this at all costs specially if
it's life threatening disease like cancer.
So here if we have our true class said it's positive that means the patient had cancer but we said no
no no.
That the machine learning model said the patient is fine the patient is OK.
This is a big problem.
That's what I call a type 2 error.
OK.
And we want again to avoid this classification at all costs.
Right.
And that's all we have with the modern evaluation.
Let's look at the Jupiter notebook and let's see how can we evaluate our model.
So let's take a look at how can we evaluate our model.
OK.
So let's recap so that we did so far that we just train our models to use the fit method when our object
as we see and there's a good model and we use taining data Exene and watching.
OK so now it's the time to actually evaluate them on.
OK so let's improve let's evaluate the first step is we're going to use our object to as we see the
school model and then getting used again with the Predict method to predict our or to run kind of our
evaluation on our team.
But in this time which is very important that we're not going to pass the training data we actually
Inupiat the testing data which is data that the model has never seen before.
So we got X underscores tests that's simply our what's called this should be uppercase X and this contest
and we're going to do that.
Basically this method should return back our way.
We're going to call it what I predict.
OK.
That would give me our predictions.
That's the first step.
So let's run this concern successfully and why predict supposed to be our prediction.
Actually let's take a look at it again right.
We're just going to copy it here.
And let's take a look at it.
It's actually going to show it show me actually it's really pretty interesting and showing me all of
them are ones which is you know which kind of makes sense I'm going to show you why later which is simply
telling me that the models you know it's not true.
That means that the model is literally like useless.
OK.
And we'll see how can we actually improve them on them moving forward.
So just keep going.
So I'm going to do.
We're going to plot what we call confusion matrix.
OK.
So if you got the call confusion matrix just give you one one stop shop of all the matrix that shows
all the correctly classified samples and the misclassified samples as well.
All right.
So that's sort of confusion and underscore matrix.
And then what we need to do is that we need to specify or compare our true value versus the predicted
that.
So our true value is simply why underscore test which is simply this is the true target value right.
And we have our values or our predictions we'll call it underscored predict.
And simply this we're going to return.
Let's say we call it S.M. and let's run it.
OK.
So then we have our confusion matrix.
Now one of you the confusion matrix Gerkin used the seaboard again to view our confusion matrix going
to use a heat map in our Seaborn library with S and S the heat map and we're going to do going to write
S.M. which is simply our values supposed to be the matrix.
And actually let's run it first without trying anything.
So we're going to do.
Second to show me this is our matrix which doesn't show simply any values or any counts here which is
basically useless.
So we're going to do with going and we need to show the notation notation equals true which is show
me the actual value.
Now it makes sense.
So what we can see from the confusion matrix that simply we have zero correctly classified samples in
the first class.
So we have four forty eight samples are mis classified which is really terrible evaluation.
All right.
So that's pretty much how can we evaluate our models.
Obviously we have done a little bit a lot of stuff maybe a little bit wrong.
You could improve the model.
I'm going to show you in the next step how can we improve the model.
I hope you guys enjoyed it and see in the next section.